.TH imgprob.pl 1 "15 May 2023" "1.0" "imgprob.pl man page"
.SH NAME
imgprob.pl \- command line tool to plot image probability over an image and generate binary mask files.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B imgprob.pl
.I image_file
.I score_file
.I output_filename
.I prob_crit
.I prob_max
.I mask_fn
.I bbox_fn
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBimgprob.pl\fR script reads a text file of image tiles with predictions for the presence of a particular object in a sample. It will plot the probabilities over the image boundaries and generate binary mask files. Major dependencies on perl, ImageMagick, and Color::RGB::Util modules should be checked first.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B image_file
The JPEG or PNG formatted image file to analyze. Required argument.
.TP
.B score_file
The path to a TSV-formatted file with the results of a prediction. Required argument.
.TP
.B output_filename
Optional argument. The desired output file name path for the image with the plotted probability overlay.
.TP
.B prob_crit
Optional argument. The minimum probability required for a tile to be considered significantly related to an object. Default value is 0.5.
.TP
.B prob_positive
Optional argument. The maximum probability allowable for a tile to be related to a non-object local environment. Default value is 1.
.TP
.B mask_fn
Optional argument. The file name for a binary mask containing explicit boundary lines between objects and non-objects (0's and 1's). Can be an alpha channel.
.TP
.B bbox_fn
Optional argument. The file name for a collection of bounding boxes for which a computed probability has been plotted.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Example usage to get help:
.B imgprob.pl
.PP
Example usage command line with minimum options:
.B imgprob.pl ExampleImage.jpg predictionsFile.tsv /tmp/sample.jpg
.PP
Example command line usage with default arguments:
.B imgprob.pl ExampleImage.jpg predictionsFile.tsv /tmp/sample.jpg 0.500 1.000 mask.png boundingBox.tsv
.SH INSTALLATION
Use the following command to clone the repository:
.B git clone https://github.com/iamfrank/ImageProb.git
.SH REQUIRED LIBRARY
.TP
.B Cwd
.TP
.B Common
.TP
.B Color::RGB::Util
.TP
.B Image::Magick
.TP
.B POSIX
.TP
.B strict
.TP
.B warnings
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
.B The ImageMagick website
https://imagemagick.org/
.TP
.B Color::RGB::Util
https://metacpan.org/pod/Color::RGB::Util
.TP
.B A comprehensive guide to writing Linux man pages
https://www.tldp.org/HOWTO/Man-Page/