.TH IMGTISTATS.PL 1 "May 2023" "Version 1.0" "imgtistats.pl man page"

.SH NAME
imgtistats.pl \- A command line tool for calculating various evaluation metrics for image classification tasks

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B imgtistats.pl
[\-h] [\-\-threshold=threshold] [\-\-divisions=ndiv]
<fn_source_image> <fn_image_gndt_label> <fn_pred_score_txt>
[<fn_image_bbox_thresh> [image_bbox_thresh]]

.SH DESCRIPTION
imgtistats.pl is a command-line tool used to calculate various evaluation metrics for image classification tasks. The tool takes in three mandatory input files and two optional arguments. The mandatory input files are the source image file, the ground truth image label file, and the predicted score text file. The optional arguments are the image bounding box threshold and the number of divisions.

.SH OPTIONS
This section provides an overview of all the available options and arguments that can be used with imgtistats.pl.

.TP
.B \-h
Print a help message and exit.

.TP
.B \-\-threshold=threshold
The threshold value for creating a binary mask. The default value is 0.8.

.TP
.B \-\-divisions=ndiv
The number of divisions. The default value is 10.

.TP
.B fn_source_image
The file path to the source image file (mandatory argument).

.TP
.B fn_image_gndt_label
The file path to the ground truth image label file (mandatory argument).

.TP
.B fn_pred_score_txt
The file path to the predicted score text file (mandatory argument).

.TP
.B fn_image_bbox_thresh
The file path to the image bounding box threshold (optional argument).

.TP
.B image_bbox_thresh
The maximum overlap allowed between the predicted bounding box and ground-truth bounding box. The default value is 0.8.

.SH EXAMPLES
This section provides various examples to help you understand how to use imgtistats.pl.

.TP
.B Example 1:
Basic usage
.BR "imgtistats.pl example_image.jpg example_image.gndt example_scores.txt"

.TP
.B Example 2:
Using a custom threshold value
.BR "imgtistats.pl --threshold=0.5 example_image.jpg example_image.gndt example_scores.txt"

.TP
.B Example 3:
Calculating with a different number of divisions
.BR "imgtistats.pl --divisions=20 example_image.jpg example_image.gndt example_scores.txt"

.TP
.B Example 4:
Setting the maximum overlap between predicted bbox and ground-truth bbox
.BR "imgtistats.pl example_image.jpg example_image.gndt example_scores.txt /path/to/image/bbox/threshold.txt 0.5"

.SH INSTALLATION
This section provides instructions on how to install and configure imgtistats.pl.

.TP
.B Prerequisites
Make sure that your system meets the following prerequisites:
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
Perl version 5 or later
.IP \(bu 2
The "Storable" module
.IP \(bu 2
The "threads" module
.IP \(bu 2
The "threads::shared" module
.RE

.TP
.B Installation
Download the imgtistats.pl file and save it to a directory of your choice. Make sure that the file has execute permissions.

.SH REQUIRED LIBRARY
The following external libraries are used with this script:

.TP
.B Storable
For serialization and deserialization of Perl data structures

.TP
.B threads
For parallel processing

